Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to pick up where we left off in implementing the Flipkart functionality.
All right.
So we know that when the car for the first time, when the car is flipped or a car cart is flipped is
equal to true.
We want to assign the value of this key word, which is exactly the car that the user has claque to
our first cart.
And in any other scenario, we want to say card is float equal to false and assign the value of the
this key word to the second car.
So let's go ahead and let's consider log all of these so they make more sense.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to put them inside an object.
Right.
And we are going to log to the console and object.
So the first item or the first item in this object is going to be card is flipped and the second one
is going to be first card.
And I'm going to copy this and I'm going to put it right here and in here.
What I'm going to do is.
I'm going to grab the first card and the second card, right?
So this is second card.
Let's save it.
Let's come here and let's go to our project.
Let's go to inspect console.
That's what if I put it on the side?
I mean, would that be better?
Yes, I think this is better.
Right.
This is better.
So if I click on this, it means that the card is flipped is true and the value is the first car.
So let's come here.
Let's see.
So card first card is flipped is true.
So if we come here now, this if statement has run.
All right.
And in that we see card is flipped and first card card is flipped equal to true and first card is the
element that has been clicked.
So this is the element that has been Kleck, that's why we've put them inside this object, right?
So the first item inside the object is card is flipped, which equals to true.
And the second one shows exactly which card has been flipped.
It doesn't matter if the first if it is the first card, the metro cards or the last one when the user
clicks for the first time.
On any card, that card is going to be the first card, so let's refresh, if the user clicks on this
one, it is going to be our first card.
So first card has that value.
So now let's go ahead and let's click on the second car and then the second car.
We see that that the first car has that value and the second car has this value.
Right.
So this is how we can map which car it is, the car that the user has clicked on.
So if we click on any other car, we are going to see that this if statement works again, which we
are going to prevent it from working as well.
So this is where the logic of this game breaks down.
Of course, we are going to fix this down in our later lectures in this chapter, but we are going to
go ahead and we are going to implement this functionality step by step.
So the first step is we want to find out which is the first card that the user has clicked.
We have successfully mapped it.
This is the first car that the user has clicked.
And we want to know what is the second car that the user has.
So this is the second card that the user has clicked for.
Now, we are not interested in the third or fourth card.
We are going to lock the board.
Don't worry about that.
So we have successfully found our first card and our second card.
At this point, what I'm going to do is we have to find out whether those two cards they match.
So I'm going to come out of here.
So I'm just going to add a comment the first.
I'm just going to say first click, first click, and this is going to be first court, right?
Let's put it right here and.
It's Gravett second, kaleck second card.
Um, checking whether the cards match.
All right, so we want to check whether the cards match.
So first off, before going further, what I'm going to do is we are going to consult a lot of things,
right, because it provides a better understanding, better stream of understanding for everyone.
OK, so we are going to grab our first card and we are going to grab we're going to go into data set
now this data set property.
This is going to tap in inside here, this data.
So this data set is going to grab this value.
Right.
And and here is the interesting thing about this HTML attribute that we can modify to our own.
Well, so what comes after this?
I'm going to put in a name and you might ask why name?
Why do we need to know the name?
Because whenever when I created this data name attribute, I told you guys in our very first lecture
that this data dash is provided by e-mail, but this name part is optional, is arbitrary.
You can write anything that you want.
And I have written a name.
So this name, whenever whatever you write here, you can access the value of this attribute through
this name, through this thing that you have added here.
That's why we've provided names.
So this name is the same name as this one right here.
And when we do that, we will be able to grab the baby bear value.
All right.
So let's cancel it and let's see how it works.
Let's come here.
Let's click on this and we see it is a baby bear, so let's click on this.
We see we see again baby bear, right?
Because this is the second car click.
We see cat claque.
We see another cat.
This is a bird.
This is a hamster hamster.
You see, dog, dog.
And this is going to be curious cat.
And this is going to be curious.
Get there is some problems here.
So let's go ahead and let's consider log the second card as well.
So second card.
Let's see if it works properly this time.
Dataset of and defined at 23.
So second card.
Yes, it's exactly line 23, so let's go to console, let's trash everything and let's come here.
Second card.
The name second card, the data set name.
All right, so we are out of our statement, right?
Or we are inside the L statement, I think we are still we should still be inside the L statement because
this is a part of the L statement.
So let's go inside there.
All right.
So now let's go ahead and let's click.
This is our first card.
Right?
And when I click on the second one, it shows that both of them are baby bear Strache.
It it's reload the page.
Let's click on this one.
This is Bert.
And if I click on this one, so the first one is Bird and the second one is Cat.
All right.
So what does this mean?
It means that we want to find out.
We want to find out whether the first card and the second card, they are the same.
OK, so when the text of the date to name is the same, for example, when baby bear equals baby bear,
then they should stay.
It means that they match.
So if I click on this one and I this this one, both of them are the same, then they match.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's implement that functionality.
So I'm just going to go ahead and should I remove them.
Yeah, I'm going to go ahead and remove them because we have a lot of code and you have it in the video,
so there is no need to put them there.
So what I'm going to do here is.
We are going to create another if statement, and we want to find out if the first card data set name
equals the second card data set name, and then if they match, we want to we want to add an event listener
or remove the event listener.
Right.
So that functionality we are going to complete in our next lecture.
See you guys then.